Document Java Backpressure Option (#9539)
getsentry/sentry-docs: docs/platforms/java/common/configuration/sampling.mdx

Choose a sampling rate with the goal of finding a balance between performance and volume concerns with data accuracy. You don't want to collect _too_ much data, but you want to collect sufficient data from which to draw meaningful conclusions. If you’re not sure what rate to choose, start with a low value and gradually increase it as you learn more about your traffic patterns and volume.

> If you'd like Sentry to automatically downsample while the system is under load, take a look at <PlatformLink to="/configuration/options/#enable-backpressure-handling"><PlatformIdentifier name="enable-backpressure-handling" /></PlatformLink>.

Author: Ah right, since it's opt-out now. I wrote this a while back when it was still opt-in.

> If you would like Sentry to automatically downsample while the system is under load, take a look at <PlatformLink to="/configuration/options/#enable-backpressure-handling"><PlatformIdentifier name="enable-backpressure-handling" /></PlatformLink>.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you'd like Sentry to automatically downsample while the system is under load, take a look at <PlatformLink to="/configuration/options/#enable-backpressure-handling"><PlatformIdentifier name="enable-backpressure-handling" /></PlatformLink>.
```
